extract small_map as separate utility crate (#4214)
boa-dev/boa: ABOUT.md

- [**`boa_runtime`**][runtime] - Boa's WebAPI features.
- [**`boa_string`**][string] - Boa's ECMAScript string implementation.
- [**`tag_ptr`**][tag_ptr] - Utility library that enables a pointer to be associated with a tag of type `usize`.

> - [**`small_map`**][small_map] - Utility library that add SmallMap data structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**`small_map`**][small_map] - Utility library that adds the `SmallMap` data structure.
```
